

  ? KappaRoss ?? KappaRoss ?? KappaRoss ? .

 ? lesserDog ? here I go down the rank elevator ? lesserDog ? .

ba da be da bo, ba da de, bu da do, ba de du da do, do, de bup .

  ? PogChamp ? .
  
   good! .
  

on the 12 days of necrodancer my true love gave to me. 12 konga drumming, 11 corals piping. 10 dorian a leaping. 9 cadence dancing. 8 Mummies mumming. 7 mole-men digging. 5 rings of gold. 4. klappas clapping 3 scottish kirbys 2 armored doves and a coda in a new gi.

 -iiiiiiiiii EEEED-U-U-E-Uuuuy MEMORY OF LOOKIN OUT THE BACK DOOOOOOOR I HAVE THE PHUUU U- U-uuu-uu-uuu EEEED-U-U-E-I HAVE THE PHOTO ALBUM SPREADED ON MY BEEEDROOOOM- ITS I-iiiiiiiiii EEEED-U-U-E-EVERY MEMORY OF WALKIN OUT THE FRONT DOOOOOOOR I FOUND THE PHUUU U- U-uuu-uu-uuu EEEED-U-U-E-I FOUND THE PHOTO OF THE FRIEND I WAS LOO-KIN-FOR-ITS .

Gotta roll stonk. It's been a while but its great seeing you have a huge audience now. You deserve it man! Catch you in about 6 months! .

Tehjman1993 isn't so great? Are you kidding me? When was the last time you saw a player with such an ability and movement with keyboard? TJ puts fangames in another level, and we will be blessed if we ever see a player with his skill and passion for fangames again. maxinator breaks records. stinkycheese breaks records. Tehjman1993 breaks the rules. You can keep your statistics. I prefer the magic.

boy am i glad he's frozen in there and we're out here, and that he's the sheriff and that we're frozen out here and that we're in there and, i just remembered, we're out here. but what i wanna know is where's the caveman? .

Jumping the gun, gun choke, choke gate, gate jump, jumping the gun .

Hello strimmer, i am Mushy and I am here because i have been had some complaints about your strim quality being "sub-par" because of your innability to pronounce names in an acceptable manner. My name is pronounced "Cuh-thoo-loo" and am greatly offended, as are my ancestors, at your misspronounciation. It is a name that has been passed down from the great Mushy of Stallingrad, Slayer of Terramorpheous. Please cease this disrespectful conduct at once, or i shall channel my ancestors' wrath cirBar .

Good morning! Get up and get started with a Sizzli® Breakfast Sandwich, available in all your favorite varieties, including Sausage, Egg & Cheese; Applewood Smoked Bacon, Egg & Cheese; Turkey Sausage, Egg White, & Cheese; French Toast Sizzli, and more.

WinWaker is no longer an emote. Spam WinWaker to wake the staff up and make them realize Cosmo is still a man and he is pretending to be a woman in order to get more attention.

 BabyRage NotLikeThis DoritosChip .

 Dear Guy on the Right, you are beautiful. Whatever is going on in your life right now, please know that you matter and your story is important. Don't kill yourself.


 This wasn't really much of a speedrun, more of a one video completion. A speedrun would be the game completed without any deaths, failed jumps or stopping. I have to give it that this is impressive, but it's not a good speedrun. 

 This was really much of a speedrun, not one of those one video completions. This speedrun was completed without any deaths, failed jumps or stopping. I have to give it that this is impressive, since it's a really good speedrun. 

Tragedy struck the country of germany today with severe ice and snow storms making commutes unsafe, the root of the problem lies in all of the countries salt reserves being hijacked by a mister ZeroG, Deals are trying to be make by the goverment to recover the salt using Doners and hookers as bargaining chips, but the offending party is too busy dying to needles to notice.

I play kamilia 1, the original fangame. Its much better than this trash you call a game and isnt anything compared to the oldest fangame, kamilia 1, which is the game that evoked the fangames culture ™ and is truly the authentic fangame experience.


Luck has an indirectly proportional relationship with Skill. In the absence of a skill stat, luck is leveled in order to overcome RNG and get fast runs. 

I sexually identify as a Squid. Ever since I was a kid I dreamed of swimming through poisonous puddles of colored ink. People say to me that a person being a squid is impossible and I'm *** retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having 2 big eyes and a big point put onto my face like one of those pirate hats, equipping me with the inkiest of ink from all of the no-life Japanese Splatoon players!.

Hi, I am an Albanian virus but because of poor technology in my country unfortunately I am not able to harm you computer. Please be so kind to delete one of your important files yourself and then forward me to other users. Many thanks for your cooperation! Best regards, Albanian virus.

i know no one cares but ive made a LOT of progress in fangames lately. cleared influka in k2, completed chapter 3 in kill the guy, got the last secret in NANG... it was a wild ride.

This Colonel is known for having the tas drop in it, which is a very precise drop on it's own but is made harder by being at the end of a oh you did it.

     O-oooooooooo AAAAE-A-A-I-A-U- JO-oooooooooooo AAE-O-A-A-U-U-A- E-eee-ee-eee AAAAE-A-E-I-E-A-JO-ooo-oo-oo-oo EEEEO-A-AAA-AAAA NotLikeThis.



!quote 2639.



? PogChamp ?HERE I GO UP THE CHAT ELEVATOR ? PogChamp ?.


?( ? )? Moving at the speed of RNG ?( ? )?.

SingSing bit his lip as he lowered himself down onto his beloved Bulldong’s thick shaft. A soft gasp. Then a moan. Followed by lewder, more sensuous noises. He had been waiting for this moment for what seemed like an eternity…ever since he first laid eyes upon his Alfredo in that pub. And now on the eve of the battle with the OSfrog, he finally had his prize. His hips swayed on their own, instinct taking over…his fingers dug into his lover’s well toned chest, a feral, wild passion building between them. He could feel him getting closer now, trembling. A confident smile crept across his lips, knowing what was to come. He would welcome it, for her body was ready and willing…to bear his bear.


10 years since tj strim.i walk through the empty streets trying to think of something else but my path always leads to the stream. i stare at the screen for hours and try to summon the lord. i watch other italian girls streaming but it is no good. i flame kalzone in his channel and try to resist the oppresstim regime but it is all meaningless. the end is near.i then usually watch some old boshy runs and cry myself to sleep.

Hey Stonk, I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down. I wanted to say congrats! I know you can do a little better but I always want to tip my hat off to you. Through thick and thin I will still be here to always support you. I know times are hard, but you always come back with a good attitude. I wish you the very best on your next runs, and hope you get an even better score. I will continue to be here and find new strats as always. Great job Stonk. I am rooting for you.

  This is the run. If these words could possibly describe the amount of positivity in my body right at this very moment, your screen would shatter in shock. This whole run is amazing. There's been tons of time savers everywhere, the sole reason he's ahead right now is due to his amazing amount of skill. He's also a complete and utter idol in the community and and helps people every possible chance he gets. He doesn't like you guys, he loves you, he doesn't stream for money
   the only reason he still streams is to communicate with his fans in order to keep up with their life. He is a very nice guy in real life, he streams to get twitch's money to donate to charities. I can't believe he hasn't gotten WR already. This is a complete inspiration to all speedrunners.


Hi Stonk ?? >? ?? Luigi told me that this channel had some spaghetti in a butt benis, so I decided to come by. Loved the run at AGDQ btw. Had to follow after THE Tones Tones Balones "Don't Call Me" Tones Balones Balones Balones recommended your spaghetti. Looking forward to the 75fps I Wanna Kill the Boshmilia 3 race at SGDQ. The game you're playing looks different, did Boshy get an update? Hi Adam. Also hey stonk, guess what? cornBlack cornBlack cornBlack cornBlack cornBlack nevermind.



Every day, I open TJ's stream and sit down with a 100 pack of boshy speedruns. I wait until the stream starts, and then it begins. I open the box and force myself to count the frames. I have stage V brain cancer and will die soon, but I know it is what TJ likes. I feel at peace knowing that it is what TJ would have wanted. Please no 0.13. 

TonesBalones: like 90% of the differential equations of physical systems you'll have to solve can be solved by transforming to a basis where you can assume the solution is an exponential and just solve for the constants.

Guys please stop spamming. My dog, Bernard, looked at my chat and got so dizzy because of the spam that he fell down and hit his noggin right on his food bowl! He couldn't talk for hours. Please stop spamming, for Bernard.

hello sirs i am come from itlay, le J man is my favorito he is very proscuitto player! some day there is wish to come on americiano for visit odd man and see le dionger of le Jayman please to coppola pastrami for all see my dream.


is this THE @BubblesDelFuego of SGDQ15 and Kotaku fame? Who obtained THE Fallout 4 World Record in the any% category but then proceeded to lose but has now gotten it back yet again in a series of incredible feats for which he is known for? PogChamp.

 said: Never really intended to make much of a sleazy profile on my behalf, nor did i intend to offend anyone. I meant "best meme" as a hint that the topic of k3 did not really associate to memes in general; hitherto, it was not intended to undermine the kamilia series, or k3 as a whole. Maybe it did not intercept well on the other end, but I am truly sorry if it offended anyone. I removed the statements in question, and thus will not touch base on it anymore, personally. However, I've figured that I tried my best to fit in to this community, and like many others who make one sole remark against any popular concept that everybody would happen to like, I seem to have pissed off more people than what I would like. I am aware that sometimes people might be sensitive to my comments, which is something that I, personally, have to work on.


 dr speedrunner, could you please put a bucket on your head to prove that this run is not prerecorded? thx.

 When I see TJ memeing so hard, my hand automatically go to the marble. I stroke the marble and feel I'm rolling through the impossible gap. All becoming SRL race.
